Add troubleshooting related to nginx 413 error code (#348)
CartoDB/carto-selfhosted-helm: customizations/README.md

29      	Tue Oct  4 10:58:22 2022	deployed       	carto-1.42.10-beta	2022.9.28  	Rollback to 27
``` 
Now you can run the upgrade operation again

### 413 Request Entity Too Large

>   You are trying to make a POST request to the SQL Api with a large payload. Please see the following considerations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You are trying to make a POST request, probably to the `SQL Api`, with a **large payload**. Please take into account the considerations below:
```

  - We support a payload up to 10Mb

>   - If your payload is lower than 10Mb, probably the error code is returned by a service in a higher layer than the Carto Selfhosted environment. Please upload your service configuration to be able to manage higher requests. E.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If your payload is lower than 10Mb, probably the error code is returned by a service in a higher layer than the CARTO Selfhosted environment. Please **update** your service configuration to be able to manage requests with a higher payload. E.g:
```

>   In Nginx, you have to add this config line to your location service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In Nginx, you have to add this config line to your location configuration:
```

Reviewer: I think we should explain this better, the use case of an `nginx ingress` is clear, but i'm not sure if the users will understand the other use case "`nginx`". Probably we need to elaborate this better
